artixlinux openrc base-dinit
artixlinux openrc base-openrc
artixlinux openrc base-runit
artixlinux openrc base-s6
artixlinux openrc cinnamon-dinit
artixlinux openrc cinnamon-openrc
artixlinux openrc cinnamon-runit
artixlinux openrc cinnamon-s6
artixlinux openrc community-gtk
artixlinux openrc community-qt
artixlinux openrc lxde-dinit
artixlinux openrc lxde-openrc
artixlinux openrc lxde-runit
artixlinux openrc lxde-s6
artixlinux openrc lxqt-dinit
artixlinux openrc lxqt-openrc
artixlinux openrc lxqt-runit
artixlinux openrc lxqt-s6
artixlinux openrc mate-dinit
artixlinux openrc mate-openrc
artixlinux openrc mate-runit
artixlinux openrc mate-s6
artixlinux openrc plasma-dinit
artixlinux openrc plasma-openrc
artixlinux openrc plasma-runit
artixlinux openrc plasma-s6
artixlinux openrc xfce-dinit
artixlinux openrc xfce-openrc
artixlinux openrc xfce-runit
artixlinux openrc xfce-s6
