oraclelinux 9.3 gui
oraclelinux 9.3 text
oraclelinux 9.3 minimal
oraclelinux 9.2 gui
oraclelinux 9.2 text
oraclelinux 9.2 minimal
oraclelinux 9.1 gui
oraclelinux 9.1 text
oraclelinux 9.1 minimal
oraclelinux 9.0 gui
oraclelinux 9.0 text
oraclelinux 9.0 minimal
oraclelinux 8.9 gui
oraclelinux 8.9 text
oraclelinux 8.9 minimal
oraclelinux 8.8 gui
oraclelinux 8.8 text
oraclelinux 8.8 minimal
oraclelinux 8.7 gui
oraclelinux 8.7 text
oraclelinux 8.7 minimal
oraclelinux 8.6 gui
oraclelinux 8.6 text
oraclelinux 8.6 minimal
oraclelinux 8.5 gui
oraclelinux 8.5 text
oraclelinux 8.5 minimal
oraclelinux 8.4 gui
oraclelinux 8.4 text
oraclelinux 8.4 minimal
oraclelinux 7.9 gui
oraclelinux 7.9 text
oraclelinux 7.9 minimal
oraclelinux 7.8 gui
oraclelinux 7.8 text
oraclelinux 7.8 minimal
oraclelinux 7.7 gui
oraclelinux 7.7 text
oraclelinux 7.7 minimal
